Update CHANGELOG with 1.2.1 release (#2854)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.2.1] - 2022-03-16

### Changed

> - The SPIRE Agent `fetch jwt` CLI command now supports JSON output (#2650)

Reviewer: Should this be in the Added section?

- OIDC Discovery Provider now includes the `alg` parameter in JWKs to increase compatibility  (#2771)
- SPIRE server logs additional authorization information with RPC requests (#2776)
- Small documentation improvements (#2746, #2792)

### Fixed

> - SPIRE Server properly rotates signing keys when prepared or activated keys are lost from the database (#2770)

Reviewer 2: Since this is read as "Fixed ...." I think we should say here something like "SPIRE Server _now_ properly rotates" or "SPIRE Server to properly rotate"

```suggestion
- SPIRE Server now properly rotates signing keys when prepared or activated keys are lost from the database (#2770)
```

# Changelog

## [1.2.1] - 2022-03-16

### Added
- The SPIRE Agent `fetch jwt` CLI command now supports JSON output (#2650)

### Changed
- OIDC Discovery Provider now includes the `alg` parameter in JWKs to increase compatibility  (#2771)
- SPIRE Server logs additional authorization information with RPC requests (#2776)
- Small documentation improvements (#2746, #2792)

### Fixed
- SPIRE Server now properly rotates signing keys when prepared or activated keys are lost from the database (#2770)
- The AWS IID node attestor now works with instance profiles which have paths (#2825)
- Fixed a crash in SPIRE Agent caused by a race on the agent cache (#2699)

> - SPIRE Server waits for plugin requests to finish during graceful shutdown (#2722)

Reviewer 2: I would probably move this to the _Changed_ category since this is more a change in the behavior than a fix to a specific issue?
The description may also provide the idea that we are already doing a graceful shutdown, but that's the change that is being introduced.

Maybe something like this works better?
```suggestion
- SPIRE Server now gracefully stops plugin servers, allowing outstanding RPCs a chance to complete (#2722)
```
